Question 1
Which software development methodology follows a linear and sequential approach, often with clearly defined stages?

Agile
Waterfall
Spiral
Scrum

Answer = Waterfall


Question 2
What type of error occurs when the code is grammatically correct and running smoothly, but does not convey the intended meaning of the program?

Logic Error
Runtime Error
Semantic Error
Syntax Error

Answer = TSA:Semantic Error, Actual:Logic Error


Question 3
Which of the following is the correct hexadecimal representation for the binary number 110011?

66
CC
33
99

Answer = 33


Question 4
What is the main benefit of cloud computing?

Cost-efficiency
Local infrastructure management
Physical presence requirement
Scalability and flexibility

Answer = Scalability and flexibility


Question 5
What is SQL injection?

A security vulnerability caused by inserting malicious SQL code through user input
A technique for securely executing SQL queries with user input
A process of cleaning and validating user input against SQL syntax
A method for preventing unauthorized access to databases

Answer = A security vulnerability caused by inserting malicious SQL code through user input


Question 6
x = 7
if (x % 2 == 0):
    print("Even")
elif (x % 3 == 0):
    print("Multiple of 3")
else:
    print("Neither")

What is the output to the above code?

Even
Neither
Error: Invalid operator
Multiple of 3

Answer = Neither


Question 7
Why is it essential to understand the requirements for constructing new objects?

To complicate code readability
To reduce the risk of errors and unexpected behavior
To minimize documentation usage
To introduce inconsistencies in code

Answer = To reduce the risk of errors and unexpected behavior


Question 8
What is the term for delivering media content in real-time without downloading it?

Content Delivery Networks (CDNs)
Relational databases
Streaming services
File hosting

Answer = Streaming services


Question 9
What is the purpose of order of operation in software programming?

how many mathematical operations are required
which mathematical operation to perform first
which mathematical operations are valid
which mathematical operation are NOT valid

Answer = which mathematical operation to perform first


Question 10
Which of the following are an example of multi-factor authentication?

Asking for a code sent to a phone number
Answering a security question
Solving a Captcha puzzle
Asking for the password to be entered twice

Answer = Asking for a code sent to a phone number


Question 11
What is the purpose of error recovery in handling runtime errors?

To  teach the program to automatically fix runtime errors
To prevent the occurrence of runtime errors
To provide alternative paths or fallback actions when runtime errors occur
To display error messages to the user

Answer = To provide alternative paths or fallback actions when runtime errors occur


Question 12
How can software defects contribute to security vulnerabilities?

By ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of software systems
By improving the performance and usability of software systems
By facilitating easier integration with other software components
By introducing coding errors or design flaws that can be exploited by attackers

Answer = By introducing coding errors or design flaws that can be exploited by attackers


Question 13
How can version control systems be useful in documentation?

They track changes and provide a revision history
They eliminate the need for documentation
They can automatically generate documentation
They restrict access to documentation files

Answer = They track changes and provide a revision history


Question 14
The phase in the SDLC (system design life cycle) where the system is monitored, maintained, and updated is called:

Testing
Implementation
Maintenance
Planning

Answer = Maintenance


Question 15
Which strategy involves utilizing online resources and collaborating with colleagues to find solutions?

Test assumptions
Debugging techniques
Research and collaborate
Divide and conquer

Answer = Research and collaborate


Question 16
What is the purpose of recognizing patterns in loop variables within nested loops?

To create infinite loops
To simplify the code
To introduce random variables
To make the code more complex

Answer = To simplify the code


Question 17
The documentation for a class states that the constructor requires two parameters: name and age. Which of the following statements is true?

The documentation is incomplete because it does not specify the data types of the parameters.
The documentation does not provide any information about the parameter requirements.
The parameters name and age are optional.
The parameters name and age are required.

Answer = The parameters name and age are required.


Question 18
What is the purpose of default parameters in functions?

To provide values if no explicit argument is provided
To prevent any changes to parameter values
To ensure that parameters are of a specific data type
To force all parameters to be mandatory

Answer = To provide values if no explicit argument is provided


Question 19
What does image transformation involve in graphics development?

Creating image animations
Adjusting image positions, scaling, or rotation
Manipulating image colors
Changing image file formats

Answer = Adjusting image positions, scaling, or rotation


Question 20
What is the primary advantage of binary search over linear search?

Binary search works with unsorted data.
Binary search uses less memory.
Binary search is faster for large datasets.
Binary search is simpler to implement.

Answer = Binary search is faster for large datasets.


Question 21
Which of the following statements is true about interfaces?

An interface can have private methods.
An interface can define constants.
An interface can have constructors.
An interface can have instance variables.

Answer = An interface can define constants.


Question 22
What are language standards and style guides?

Best practices recommended by the programming community
Guidelines enforced by code editors
Guidelines set by individual developers
Standards enforced by government regulatory bodies

Answer = Best practices recommended by the programming community


Question 23
Which sorting algorithm is known for its divide-and-conquer approach, splitting the array into smaller subarrays?

Bubble sort
Selection sort
Linear search
Merge sort

Answer = Merge sort


Question 24
Which data type should be used to store a person's email address?

string
float
boolean
integer

Answer = string


Question 25
Which phase of the SDLC (system design life cycle) involves gathering information about the current system and its problems?

Development
Design
Maintenance
Analysis

Answer = Analysis


Question 26
What is the purpose of the checkout/switch command in Git?

To navigate between different branches or commit states
To submit pull requests for contributions
To revert the code to a previous state
To create a personal copy of a repository

Answer = To navigate between different branches or commit states


Question 27
How would you represent the number 15 using only zeroes and ones?

1111
0011
1100
0110

Answer = 1111


Question 28
What is the primary factor contributing to platform independence in interpreted code?

The presence of a compiler
Real-time code translation
The use of standalone executables
The interpreter handling platform-specific details

Answer = The interpreter handling platform-specific details


Question 29
What is the primary reason to avoid writing your own function when a standard library function exists for the task?

To ensure that your code is faster
To avoid errors
To avoid reinventing the wheel and use well-tested solutions
To improve the aesthetics of your code

Answer = To avoid reinventing the wheel and use well-tested solutions


Question 30
What is the purpose of FERPA?

To protect sensitive patient health information
To regulate the sharing of cyber threat information
To ensure the privacy of student education records
To protect the online privacy of children

Answer = To ensure the privacy of student education records


Question 31
If a = 5 and b = 3, what is the value of the expression "a % b"

0
1
3
2

Answer = 2


Question 32
Which of the following best describes the concept of space complexity?

It calculates the efficiency of data compression techniques.
It measures the physical size of the data stored.
It determines the number of operations needed to manipulate data
It quantifies the time complexity of an algorithm.

Answer = It determines the number of operations needed to manipulate data


Question 33
What are the 5 Project Management phases in order?

Initiation,Planning,Execution,Monitoring and Controlling,Closing
Execution,Initiation,Monitoring and Controlling,Closing,Planning
Closing,Execution,Initiation,Monitoring and Controlling,Planning
Monitoring and Controlling,Planning,Closing,Execution,Initiation

Answer = Initiation,Planning,Execution,Monitoring and Controlling,Closing


Question 34
Which of the following correctly arranges the units of storage in increasing order of size?

Bit, Byte, Kilobyte, Megabyte, Terabyte, Gigabyte
Bit, Byte, Kilobyte, Megabyte, Gigabyte, Terabyte
Kilobyte, Byte, Bit, Megabyte, Terabyte, Gigabyte
Byte, Bit, Terabyte, Kilobyte, Megabyte, Gigabyte

Answer = Bit, Byte, Kilobyte, Megabyte, Gigabyte, Terabyte


Question 35
What is the appropriate data type for storing a person's address?

integer
boolean
string
character

Answer = string


Question 36
x = "false" declares what data type?

boolean
integer
string
double

Answer = string


Question 37
If you are writing a program to determine if a number is even, which of the following data types would allow a true response to be reported when the number is even?

string
boolean
double
numeric

Answer = boolean


Question 38
Which accessibility feature is important for users with visual disabilities to navigate and understand web content?

Captions for multimedia content
Logical tab order
Consistent navigation structure across all pages
Audio descriptions for multimedia content

Answer = Audio descriptions for multimedia content


Question 39
To ensure that your text appears exactly as intended when executing your program, in what container should it be encapsulated?

Angle braces
Curly braces
Quotation marks
Square brackets

Answer = Quotation marks


Question 40
What does input validation involve in software development?

Generating unique hash values for data integrity checks
Verifying and validating user input to prevent malicious input
Encrypting sensitive data during transmission
Ensuring software has the latest updates and patches

Answer = Verifying and validating user input to prevent malicious input


Question 41
int product = 1;
for (int i = 1; i <= 3; i++) {
    for (int j = 1; j <= i; j++) {
        product *= i * j;
    }
}
System.out.println(product);
What will be the output of the above code?

25
4320
1296
144

Answer = 1296


Question 42
What is the primary purpose of self-documenting code?

To make the code shorter
To eliminate the need for documentation
To generate user-level documentation
To improve code readability and understanding

Answer = To improve code readability and understanding


Question 43
Which of the following is NOT a valid data type?

Float
Variable
String
Boolean

Answer = Variable


Question 44
Which regulation aims to enhance cybersecurity by allowing the sharing of cyber threat information between private companies and the government?

FERPA
COPPA
HIPAA
CISPA

Answer = CISPA


Question 45
What is the primary purpose of a class in object-oriented programming?

To control the flow of a program.
To encapsulate unrelated functions.
To define the data and behavior of an object.
To store variables and perform calculations.

Answer = To define the data and behavior of an object.


Question 46
public class Circle {
    private double radius;

    public Circle(double radius) {
        this.radius = radius;
    }
    
    public double calculateArea() {
        return Math.PI * radius * radius;
    }
}
What is the access modifier used for the radius variable in the code snippet?

return
private
this
public

Answer = private


Question 47
class Rectangle:
    def __init__(self, width, height):
        self.width = width
        self.height = height
    
    def calculate_area(self):
        return self.width * self.height
What is the purpose of the code snippet?

Accessing the width and height attributes of a rectangle object
Defining a user-defined class named Rectangle with an area calculation method
Defining a function to calculate the area of a rectangle
Initializing the width and height of a rectangle object

Answer = Defining a user-defined class named Rectangle with an area calculation method


Question 48
What is the main difference between interpreted and compiled code?

Interpreted code is platform-specific, while compiled code is portable.
Interpreted code requires compilation before execution, while compiled code does not.
Interpreted code is executed line by line, while compiled code is executed as a whole.
Interpreted code runs faster than compiled code.

Answer = Interpreted code is executed line by line, while compiled code is executed as a whole.


Question 49
Which statement accurately defines instance variables in object-oriented programming?

Instance variables are accessed using the class name.
Instance variables are shared among all instances of a class.
Instance variables are initialized at the class level.
Instance variables are unique to each instance of a class and store specific data.

Answer = Instance variables are unique to each instance of a class and store specific data.


Question 50
What does O(n^2) complexity indicate in the context of data manipulation?

Linear time complexity.
Quadratic time complexity.
Constant time complexity.
Exponential time complexity.

Answer = Quadratic time complexity.


Question 51
What is the value of the expression (4 + 2) * 3 % 2?

7.5
4
6
0

Answer = 0


Question 52
If x = 5 and y = 2, what is the value of the expression "x ** y"?

25
8
10
7

Answer = 25


Question 53
sum = 0
for i in range(1, 4):
    for j in range(i, 4):
        sum += i + j
print(sum)

What will be the output of the above code?

16
24
10
15

Answer = 24


Question 54
What does the == symbol in programming mean?

division
assignment
equal
subtraction

Answer = equal


Question 55
In Big-O notation, what does O(n^2) represent?

Quadratic time complexity.
Constant time complexity.
Linear time complexity.
Logarithmic time complexity.

Answer = Quadratic time complexity.


Question 56
What is the recommended approach to identify errors in code by breaking it down into smaller parts and testing each part individually?

Use a debugger
Print statements
Code review
Divide and conquer

Answer = Divide and conquer


Question 57
Which process involves systematically executing test cases using automated tools to detect errors?

Collaborative Debugging
Code Review
Profiling
Automated Testing

Answer = Automated Testing


Question 58
What is the purpose of method overriding in inheritance?

Hiding methods from the superclass
Creating new methods in the subclass
Preventing inheritance from the superclass
Providing a specific implementation in the subclass

Answer = Providing a specific implementation in the subclass


Question 59
Which term describes the operations involved in reading data from and writing data to files in a program?

File Input/output (I/O)
Data formatting
Input validation
Error handling

Answer = File Input/output (I/O)


Question 60
What does the "Fair Use" doctrine in copyright law allow?

Unlimited use of copyrighted material
Limited use of copyrighted material without permission for specific purposes
Public domain distribution of copyrighted material
Complete ownership of copyrighted material

Answer = Limited use of copyrighted material without permission for specific purposes


Question 61
What is the purpose of alternative text for images in web accessibility?

To enhance search engine optimization
To prevent image theft
To improve website performance
To provide a description for screen reader users

Answer = To provide a description for screen reader users


Question 62
Which of the following Boolean expressions are equivalent to the expression num <=15

NOT num=15
NOT num<15
num<15 AND num=15
num<15 OR num=15

Answer = num<15 OR num=15


Question 63
What is one key difference between an abstract class and an interface?

Abstract classes cannot be instantiated on their own.
Abstract classes can have concrete methods.
Abstract classes cannot have abstract methods.
Interfaces can have instance variables

Answer = Abstract classes can have concrete methods.


Question 64
Which of the following is a potential issue when using floating-point numbers in arithmetic operations?

Loss of precision due to rounding errors
Difficulty in representing fractional numbers
Inability to perform arithmetic operations
Limited range of representable values

Answer = Loss of precision due to rounding errors


Question 65
What is a constructor in object-oriented programming languages responsible for?

Destroying objects
Controlling object inheritance
Managing object lifecycles
Initializing newly created objects

Answer = Initializing newly created objects


Question 66
Regular updates and bug fixes contribute to an app’s success by:

Increasing the app's download size
Reducing user engagement and feedback
Building user trust and maintaining functionality over time
Releasing a completely new app version

Answer = Building user trust and maintaining functionality over time


Question 67
How can you protect yourself from phishing attacks?

Disabling security features on your devices
Verifying the legitimacy of emails and websites
Sharing personal information through email
Clicking on links without verifying their source

Answer = Verifying the legitimacy of emails and websites


Question 68
Which of the following best describes the relationship between a class and an object?

A class is an instance of an object.
An object is an implementation of a class.
An object is a blueprint for creating a class.
A class is a subset of an object.

Answer = An object is an implementation of a class.


Question 69
Given the following lines of code: 

x = 10
y = 3
result = x // y + 2

What is the value of 'result'

4
5.33333
5
3.0

Answer = 5


Question 70
Which of the following expressions is evaluated first in this expression, 4 + 8 / 2 * 3 - 5, according to the precedence of operations?

Subtraction
Multiplication
Division
Addition

Answer = Division


Question 71
What is the purpose of hashing in software development?

To authenticate users during the login process
To encrypt sensitive data during transmission
To convert data into a fixed-length string of characters
To ensure secure communication between software components

Answer = To convert data into a fixed-length string of characters


Question 72
Which regulation protects the privacy and personal data of European Union residents?

PCI DSS
COPPA
GDPR
HIPAA

Answer = GDPR


Question 73
Which one of these units are larger than a gigabyte?

Kilobyte
Terabyte
Nibble
Megabyte

Answer = Terabyte


Question 74
What is a “paywall” in app monetization?

A type of ad format used in apps.
A strategy to remove ads from free apps.
A tool for managing app subscriptions.
A feature that blocks access to certain content unless payment is made.

Answer = A feature that blocks access to certain content unless payment is made.


Question 75
What role does a build system play in continuous integration and deployment?

Ensuring code quality through automated testing and code analysis
Enforcing version control policies and branching strategies
Monitoring server performance and optimizing resource utilization
Managing project documentation and generating API references

Answer = Ensuring code quality through automated testing and code analysis


Question 76
In the context of web APIs, what does REST stand for?

Remote Execution and Service Transfer
Rapid Elastic Service Transfer
Representational State Transfer
Responsive State Transfer

Answer = Representational State Transfer


Question 77
Which of the following best describes data sanitization?

Converting user input to a different data type
Ensuring user input is free from malicious code or special characters
Removing leading or trailing whitespaces from user input
Encrypting user input for secure storage

Answer = Ensuring user input is free from malicious code or special characters


Question 78
What is the primary purpose of a two-dimensional array?

To store multiple elements of different types
To perform mathematical operations on numeric data
To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns
To iterate over a single-dimensional array

Answer = To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns


Question 79
What is a good approach to a message that looks like phishing?

Do not reply or press any links.
Reply to the message
Press the link they sent
Fill out all the info they ask for

Answer = Do not reply or press any links.


Question 80
In programming, a constant is a variable that remains unchanged throughout the program or its execution.
How can you identify that a variable is designated as a constant?

There variable will be declared using snake_case notation.
The variable will be declared using camelCase notation.
The variable will be declared using all capital letters.
There will be a comment to the right side of the variable declartion.

Answer = The variable will be declared using all capital letters.


Question 81
What is the objective of "phishing"?

To allow only open-source code to be taken
To hack into a users personal account
To trick someone into divulging secure and/or personal information
To allow network users to openly exchange information

Answer = To trick someone into divulging secure and/or personal information


Question 82
What is the value of the expression "x += 5" if x is initially 10?

10
5
15
20

Answer = 15


Question 83
While x is not equal to 1
    Do some tasks
End While
When do you get OUT of this loop?

When x is larger than 1
When x is assigned -1
When x  is assigned 1
When x is larger than 0

Answer = When x  is assigned 1


Question 84
What role does a build system play in managing project dependencies?

Resolving conflicts between different versions of software libraries
Analyzing runtime behavior and memory usage of software applications
Enforcing coding conventions and style guidelines
Ensuring secure communication between client and server components


Answer = Resolving conflicts between different versions of software libraries


Question 85
What is the purpose of a reference variable in object-oriented programming?

To execute methods in a class
To store the memory address of an object
To define a class
To access static members in a class

Answer = To store the memory address of an object


Question 86
How is object instantiation different from class declaration?

Object instantiation creates instances of a class, while class declaration defines the structure and behavior of the class.
Object instantiation combines multiple classes into one, while class declaration creates instances of the class.
Object instantiation and class declaration are the same concepts.
Object instantiation is the process of creating a new class, while class declaration defines the properties and methods.

Answer = Object instantiation creates instances of a class, while class declaration defines the structure and behavior of the class.


Question 87
What is one reason encapsulation is important in object-oriented programming?

Exposes all internal details of an object.
Protects an object’s internal state (data)
Deletes objects from memory
Creates instances of a class

Answer = Protects an object’s internal state (data)


Question 88
Which of the following is a common interpreted programming language?

Rust
Python
C
C++

Answer = Python


Question 89
What is the purpose of test-driven development (TDD)?

To ensure the program meets all the specified requirements
To provide a detailed user manual for the program
To automate the testing process for the program
To focus on writing tests before writing the actual code

Answer = To focus on writing tests before writing the actual code


Question 90
What is the primary purpose of shader programming in graphics development?

Creating responsive graphics
Optimizing graphics performance
Manipulating graphics at a pixel level for advanced visual effects
Manipulating image colors

Answer = Manipulating graphics at a pixel level for advanced visual effects


Question 91
Why is visualizing important before writing code?

It aids in understanding the problem and planning the solution.
It helps improve typing speed and accuracy.
It allows programmers to skip the planning phase.
It speeds up the code execution process.

Answer = It aids in understanding the problem and planning the solution.


Question 92
What is the role of try-catch blocks in error handling?

They have no impact on error handling
They ensure error-free code execution
They handle exceptions in a controlled manner
They provide a user-friendly display of error messages

Answer = They handle exceptions in a controlled manner


Question 93
Which of the following is NOT a benefit of Encapsulation:

Security via controlling access to an object’s attributes
The ability to change the internal implementation without affecting the external code
Code reusability through method overloading and overriding
Modularity that makes the code easier to manage and maintain

Answer = Code reusability through method overloading and overriding


Question 94
Which of the following is not an internet connection type?

Smartphone
Bluetooth
DSL
Fiber-optic

Answer = Bluetooth


Question 95
Which naming convention is commonly used for Python variables and functions?

snake_case
PascalCase
camelCase
kebab-case

Answer = snake_case


Question 96
What potential challenges may arise when decomposing a large programming problem?

Eliminating the need for documentation and testing
Ensuring that different components work well together and communicate properly.
Determining the optimal programming language to be used
Managing the project budget effectively

Answer = Ensuring that different components work well together and communicate properly.


Question 97
Match the decimal number on the LEFT to the equivalent hexadecimal representation on the RIGHT

29
Answer = 1B
58
Answer = 38
128
Answer = 80
255
Answer = FF


Question 98
Which of the following is a recommended practice for using whitespace in code?

Use excessive whitespace to make the code look longer
Utilize whitespace effectively to enhance code readability
Avoid using whitespace as it adds unnecessary characters
Randomly add whitespace for aesthetic purposes

Answer = Utilize whitespace effectively to enhance code readability


Question 99
In which data structure can keys be of any data type?


Queue
Array
Linked list
Hash map

Answer = Hash map


Question 100
Determine the highest precedence of operations in this example 10 + 12 * 5 % 3 - 2.

Addition
Subtraction
Multiplication
Modulo

Answer = Multiplication


Question 101
How can input filtering and sanitization libraries assist in input sanitization?

By encrypting user input before processing
By automating the process of validating and cleaning user input
By generating secure encryption keys for user input
By removing all user input to prevent security issues

Answer = By automating the process of validating and cleaning user input


Question 102
What is the purpose of the catch block in exception handling?

To exit the program abruptly
To throw an exception
To handle and process a caught exception
To ignore the caught exception

Answer = To handle and process a caught exception


Question 103
What is the primary use of Remote Desktop Services (RDS)?

Access and control of remote desktops
Secure remote access to networks
Virtualized computing resources
Delivery of software applications

Answer = Access and control of remote desktops


Question 104
The phase in the SDLC (System Design Life Cycle) where requirements are gathered and analyzed is called:

Design
Analysis
Development
Testing

Answer = Analysis


Question 105
What is a user-defined class?

A class used for unit testing purposes
A class provided by the programming language's standard library
A class created by the user or developer
A class with restricted access permissions

Answer = A class created by the user or developer


Question 106
Which of the following is the best description of keylogging?

A software that can track every key typed in a keyboard
A computer hardware part that holds the key based input
Expanding the memory space on a computer
The process of saving more passwords

Answer = A software that can track every key typed in a keyboard


Question 107
"Using simple symbols to represent more complicated information" is a definition for what idea?

Polymorphism
Encapsulation
Abstraction
Inheritance3

Answer = Abstraction


Question 108
When performing arithmetic operations on integers, what is the potential issue to be aware of?

Rounding errors
Overflow or underflow
Precision loss
Type conversion errors

Answer = Overflow or underflow


Question 109
What does the "Extract Method" refactoring technique involve?

Adding comments to the code
Replacing methods with inline code
Breaking down long, complex methods into smaller pieces
Combining multiple methods into one

Answer = Breaking down long, complex methods into smaller pieces


Question 110
Which of the following is an example of O(log n) time complexity?

Bubble sort algorithm
Linear search algorithm
Binary search algorithm
Insertion sort algorithm

Answer = Binary search algorithm


Question 111
for (int i = 0; i <= 10; i += 2) {
    System.out.print(i + " ");
}

What will be the output of the above code snippet?

0 2 4 6 8
0 2 4 6 8 10
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
1 3 5 7 9

Answer = 0 2 4 6 8 10


Question 112
What kind of inputs should be considered when designing integration tests?

Only valid and expected inputs
Both valid and invalid inputs, including edge cases and unexpected inputs
Only invalid inputs to stress-test the system
Randomly chosen inputs

Answer = Both valid and invalid inputs, including edge cases and unexpected inputs


Question 113
What is the purpose of a constructor in a class?

To provide custom methods for objects.
To initialize objects when they are created.
To access private members of a class.
To destroy objects when they are no longer needed.

Answer = To initialize objects when they are created.


Question 114
What is the best way to increase password security?

Include symbols such as $, *, ! 
Use the same password across multiple accounts
Make the password longer and more complex
Shorter passwords for easy memorization

Answer = Make the password longer and more complex


Question 115
What is the main purpose of inheritance in object-oriented programming?

Method abstraction
Code reuse and extensibility
Data encapsulation
Polymorphism

Answer = Code reuse and extensibility


Question 116
How many bytes are in a kilobyte?

1024
1000
1 000 000
1 048 576

Answer = 1024


Question 117
What does the acronym API stand for in software development?

Application Program Interface
Automated Programming Interface
Application Programming Intranet
Advanced Program Interaction

Answer = Application Program Interface


Question 118
What is the purpose of merging in version control?

Integrating changes from one branch into another
Keeping changes isolated from the main codebase
Reviewing code changes made by others
Creating independent copies of repositories

Answer = Integrating changes from one branch into another


Question 119
Imagine a guest at a restaurant. The waiter comes and takes the guest's order and takes it to the chef to cook the food. Then, the waiter brings the food to the guest's table. In example, which of the following is like an API?

The chef
The restaurant
The guest
The waiter

Answer = The waiter


Question 120
Which security standard is established to protect cardholder data for payment card transactions?

CISPA
FERPA
PCI DSS
COPPA

Answer = PCI DSS


Question 121
What is the primary goal of a search operation in an array?

To sort the array in ascending order
To determine if the array is sorted.
To locate a specific element within the array.
To rearrange the elements in descending order.

Answer = To locate a specific element within the array.


Question 122
In which scenario is a hybrid search algorithm likely to be beneficial?

When the data is consistently distributed
When the data is well-sorted
When the data distribution varies
When the data is small

Answer = When the data distribution varies


Question 123
Which communication interface allows devices to establish a connection by bringing them close together?

Bluetooth
NFC
LTE
Wi-Fi

Answer = NFC


Question 124
What happens if the condition of an iterative loop is never met?

The loop will run 10 times and stop.
It throws an error.
It won't run in the first place.
The loop continues forever.

Answer = The loop continues forever.


Question 125
What is the term used for the process of assigning initial values to an array?

Initialization
Creation
Allocation
Assignment

Answer = Assignment


Question 126
What is a key benefit of using version control systems like Git and Mercurial?

Increased server storage space
Reversion and Rollback
Faster internet connection speeds
Enhanced network security

Answer = Reversion and Rollback


Question 127
x = 6
y = 3
result = x > 5 and y < 2
What is the value of "result" in the above code?

Error: Invalid operation
True
False
Error: Undefined variable

Answer = False


Question 128
Which technique allows us to embed variable values directly into a string for output formatting?

Date and time formatting
String interpolation
Numeric formatting
HTML escaping

Answer = String interpolation


Question 129
What are graphics methods in the context of software development?

File formats for saving images
Data structures for storing images
Programming functions for drawing and manipulating graphical elements
Communication protocols for graphics rendering

Answer = Programming functions for drawing and manipulating graphical elements


Question 130
In a two-dimensional array, how are elements typically accessed?

Using a single index
Using a single index, and a column identifier.
Using two indices, representing row and column positions.
Using the length of the array.

Answer = Using two indices, representing row and column positions.


Question 131
What does i-- do to the value of i?

multiplies the current value of i by 1
adds 1 to the current value of i
multiplies current value of i by 2
subtracts 1 to the current value of i

Answer = subtracts 1 to the current value of i


Question 132
All of the following are types of data at risk in a "Sensitive Data Exposure" vulnerability EXCEPT ONE.
Which one of the following is data types are NOT at risk in a 'Sensitive Data Exposure' vulnerability?

Session tokens
Publicly availabe information
Internal files
Personal details

Answer = Publicly availabe information


Question 133
Which strategy is useful for dealing with a complex problem that is difficult to solve as a whole?

Regression Testing
Decomposition
Integration
Abstraction

Answer = Decomposition


Question 134
What programming statement is used to exit a loop prematurely?

Break statement
Halt statement
Stop statement
Terminate statement

Answer = Break statement


Question 135
Which expression is evaluated first in this example,
2 + 3 * 4 ** 2 % 5,
according to the precedence of operations?

Modulo, % 
Exponentiation, ** 
Addition, +
Multiplication, *

Answer = Exponentiation, ** 


Question 136
Which of the following best describes interpreted code?

Code that is executed line by line by an interpreter in real-time.
Code that does not require debugging.
Code that is platform-independent and executed faster.
Code that is translated into machine code before execution

Answer = Code that is executed line by line by an interpreter in real-time.


Question 137
Which of the following statements is true about abstract classes?

An abstract class can provide default method implementations.
An abstract class can be directly implemented by a class.
An abstract class can be instantiated.
An abstract class cannot have any abstract methods.

Answer = An abstract class can provide default method implementations.


Question 138
What does the substring method typically do when applied to a string?

Reverses the characters in the string
Splits the string into multiple substrings based on a specified delimiter
Extracts a portion of the string based on a specified starting index and length
Capitalizes the first letter of the string

Answer = Extracts a portion of the string based on a specified starting index and length


Question 139
What does the term "sprint" refers to:

A meeting to discuss progress on the projec
A phase in the Waterfall methodology
The final stage of project development
A time-boxed iteration for completing tasks

Answer = A time-boxed iteration for completing tasks


Question 140
What does LTE stand for in the context of IoT communication?

Low-Transmission Energy
Localized Technology Environment
Long-Term Evolution
Light-Thin Encryption

Answer = Long-Term Evolution


Question 141
Which logic gate is represented by the Boolean expression A or B?

AND gate
NOT gate
OR gate
XOR gate

Answer = OR gate


Question 142
In the expression x >= 5, what does the >= operator signify?

x is greater than or equal to 5
x is less than 5
x is greater than 5
x is equal to 5

Answer = x is greater than or equal to 5


Question 143
What does decomposing a problem into smaller procedures allow developers to do?

Leave the problem-solving to someone else.
Avoid understanding the problem as a whole.
Solve each part independently and then combine the solutions to solve the entire problem.
Ignore the problem's complexities.

Answer = Solve each part independently and then combine the solutions to solve the entire problem.


Question 144
Which U.S. federal law facilitates information sharing and cooperation between private companies and the government concerning cybersecurity threats?

COPPA
FERPA
CISPA
HIPAA

Answer = CISPA


Question 145
What are media queries used for in responsive design?

Controlling image size and resolution
Enhancing website accessibility for individuals with disabilities
Implementing interactive animations on web pages
Applying different styles and layout rules based on device characteristics

Answer = Applying different styles and layout rules based on device characteristics


Question 146
Which remote computing service allows users to access and control a remote desktop environment?

Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Remote Desktop Services (RDS)
Virtual Private Network (VPN)
Software as a Service (SaaS)

Answer = Remote Desktop Services (RDS)


Question 147
Which learning resources are helpful for improving visualization skills in problem-solving?

Journals and magazines
Social media platforms
Music videos
Books, online tutorials, and YouTube videos

Answer = Books, online tutorials, and YouTube videos


Question 148
Which of the following best explains ownership and use of digital download copies?

The copy can be used according to the license agreement with ownership being transferred only with permission to a second license holder.
The copy can be used, according to the license agreement, but the originator retains ownership so the license can not be copied, transferred or sold
The copy can be used, according to the license agreement, sold or copied as long as original receipt and use agreement is also transferred
The copy can be used, according to the license agreement and the user can make up to 4 additional copies for their own use only

Answer = The copy can be used, according to the license agreement, but the originator retains ownership so the license can not be copied, transferred or sold


Question 149
What is the main purpose of an API in software development?

To simplify the development process by providing pre-built code modules.
To ensure data security and encryption in software applications.
To provide a graphical user interface for the end-users.
To enable integration and interaction between different software systems.

Answer = To enable integration and interaction between different software systems.


Question 150
Which of the following would undermine data integrity and security?

Using symmetrical encryption
Using a caesar cypher
Using unapproved software
Using internet explorer

Answer = Using unapproved software


Question 151
What will be the value of array[2] after executing the following code?

array = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50]
array[2] = array[0] + array[-1]

9
30
60
29

Answer = 60


Question 152
Which of the following HTTP status codes indicates a successful response from an API request?

302 Found
404 Not Found
200 OK
500 Internal Server Error

Answer = 200 OK


Question 153
When should merging typically take place in version control systems?

After completing a feature or bug fix in a branch
Only when conflicts arise between branches
Before creating a new branch
Whenever a developer wants to experiment with new ideas

Answer = After completing a feature or bug fix in a branch


Question 154
Which data type would be most suitable to store a person's age?

integer
boolean
string
character

Answer = integer


Question 155
What is object instantiation in programming?

Executing a method in a class.
Creating a specific instance of a class.
Defining attributes in a class.
Creating a blueprint for a class.

Answer = Creating a specific instance of a class.


Question 156
Which type of exception is commonly associated with division by zero?

ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
ClassCastException
ArithmeticException
NullPointerException

Answer = ArithmeticException


Question 157
In which kind of language does the code needs to be translated into something the computer can understand?
4.6 Research industry relevant programming languages (i.e., Java, JavaScript, Python, etc.)

Foreign language
Compiled language
Interpreted language
Encrypted language

Answer TSA:Interpreted language, real:Compiled language


Question 158
In the flowcharts, which shape is for the start/stop?

oval
star
square
diamond

Answer = oval


Question 159
Which factor should be considered when decomposing a large programming problem?

The company's overall mission statement
The logical relationships between procedures
The budget allocated for each step
The physical location of the programmers

Answer = The logical relationships between procedures


Question 160
Which of the following is NOT a common type of in-app purchase (IAP)?

Non-consumable features
User-generated content
Subscriptions
Consumable items

Answer = User-generated content


Question 161
Which sorting algorithm is based on the divide-and-conquer strategy?

Selection sort
Merge sort
Bubble sort
Insertion sort

Answer = Merge sort


Question 162
Which type of malware is a piece of code designed to repeat a task over and over again, overwhelming a system?

Adwares
Bad bots
Trojans
Ransomewares

Answer = Bad bots


Question 163
What is NOT a type of inheritance?

Multiple inheritance
Single inheritance
Double inheritance
Multilevel inheritance

Answer = Double inheritance


Question 164
class Student {
    constructor(name, age) {
        this.name = name;
        this.age = age;
    }
    setName(newName) {
        this.name = newName;
    }
    getName() {
        return this.name;
    }
    setAge(newAge) {
        this.age = newAge;
    }
    getAge() {
        return this.age;
    }
}
const student1 = new Student("John", 20);
student1.setName("Alice");
let name = student1.getName();

Which one of the modifier methods in the Student class is being used?

setAge()
setName()
getAge()
getName()

Answer = setName()


Question 165
In a linear search, the number of elements to be searched increases linearly with the size of the array. What is the worst-case time complexity of a linear search?

O(1)
O(n)
O(n^2)
O(log n)

Answer = O(n)


Question 166
Which keyword is used to declare a variable that holds text?

boolean
float
string
integer

Answer = string


Question 167
Which type of error might occur when attempting to divide a number by zero during runtime?

Null Pointer Exception
Syntax Error
Type Error
Divide-by-Zero Error

Answer = Divide-by-Zero Error


Question 168
What is the output of the following code?

let fruits = ["apple", "mango", "grape"];
console.log(fruits.length);

grape
3
["apple", "mango", "grape"]
5

Answer = 3


Question 169
What does a hash map use to locate the corresponding value for a given key?

Linear search
Collisions
Hash function
Binary search

Answer = Hash function


Question 170
What is the purpose of input validation in data sanitization?

Converting user input to the correct data type
Removing leading or trailing whitespaces from user input
Ensuring user input is free from malicious code
Checking user input against expected formats or patterns

Answer = Checking user input against expected formats or patterns


Question 171
Which sorting algorithm has the worst space efficiency?

Insertion Sort
Quick Sort
Merge Sort
Selection Sort

Answer = Merge Sort


Question 172
What is the advantage of using established libraries and frameworks for output formatting and escaping?

They allow embedding variable values into a string
They ensure data sanitization and security
They have built-in methods for output formatting and escaping
They provide control over the display of numbers

Answer = They have built-in methods for output formatting and escaping


Question 173
All of the following are key ethical concerns related to data handling EXCEPT ONE.
What one of the following is NOT considered a key ethical concern related to data handling, regardless of software type?

Visual presentation of data
Data Ownership
Data Monetization
Transparency and Accountability

Answer = Visual presentation of data


Question 174
Which operation involves arranging the elements of an array in a specific order based on their values?

Sorting
Bound checking
Indexing
Initialization

Answer = Sorting


Question 175
Which of the following refers to how an algorithm repeats?

variety
iteration
selection
sequencing

Answer = iteration


Question 176
What are digital signatures used for in software development?

To authenticate users during the login process
To encrypt data at rest
To securely store passwords in databases
To ensure the integrity and authenticity of digital documents

Answer = To ensure the integrity and authenticity of digital documents


Question 177
p = false
k = true
result = !(p NOR k)
What is the value of "result" in the above code?

Error
Undefined
False
True

Answer = True


Question 178
Which of the following statements best describes encapsulation in object-oriented programming?

Restricting access to certain members of a class
Combining data and behavior in a single entity
Inheriting properties and methods from a base class
Treating objects of different classes as interchangeable

Answer = Combining data and behavior in a single entity


Question 179
UML (Unified Modeling Language) is commonly used for:

Testing the functionality of a program
Planning the structure and relationships of objects in an object-oriented program
Defining the hardware and software requirements for a program
Writing pseudocode for program development

Answer = Planning the structure and relationships of objects in an object-oriented program


Question 180
Which style convention focuses on error handling and testing practices?

Commenting
Error Handling and Testing
Indentation and Formatting
Naming Conventions

Answer = Error Handling and Testing


Question 181
Which approach is generally preferred for input sanitization: whitelisting or blacklisting?

Blacklisting
validating user input against predefined SQL query patterns
Removing all special characters from user input
Whitelisting

Answer = Whitelisting


Question 182
What does the term "Composition Over Inheritance" emphasize?

Prioritizing code reusability through inheritance
Avoiding all forms of relationships between classes
Favoring composition for code reuse and flexibility
Ignoring the diamond problem in multiple inheritance

Answer = Favoring composition for code reuse and flexibility


Question 183
In a hash map, what are collisions, and how are they typically addressed?

Collisions are the same as heterogeneous elements, and they are addressed by using chaining.
Collisions are errors in the hash function, and they are fixed by rehashing. 
Collisions are not an issue in hash maps.
Collisions occur when two keys produce the same hash value, and they are addressed using collision resolution strategies like chaining or open addressing.

Answer = Collisions occur when two keys produce the same hash value, and they are addressed using collision resolution strategies like chaining or open addressing.


Question 184
What does dropping a database mean?

Erasing the entire database and its associated tables and data
Removing all data from a database table
Disconnecting from the database
Deleting a specific row from a table

Answer = Erasing the entire database and its associated tables and data


Question 185
Which type of attack uses someone else’s identity or credentials to give them access to information?

Brute Force
Identity Theft
Phishing
Malaware

Answer = Identity Theft


Question 186
In which data structure are elements accessed using an index, and the order of elements is guaranteed?

Set
Array
Hash map
Linked list

Answer = Array


Question 187
What is the potential issue with comparing floating-point numbers for equality?
For example:

a <- 0.1 + 0.2
b <- 0.3
display to console: a == b   # This might not necessarily print True

(5.5 - Identify correct and problematic uses of integers, floating-point numbers, and fixed-point numbers in arithmetic)

Integer overflow during floating-point operations
Floating-point numbers can not be divided
Floating-point numbers cannot handle irrational numbers
Inexact binary representations can cause rounding errors

Answer = Inexact binary representations can cause rounding errors


Question 188
What is the primary purpose of using nested loops?

To improve code efficiency
To increase code readability
To perform input validation
To handle exceptions

Answer = To improve code efficiency


Question 189
A program is intended to calculate the average of a list of numbers, but instead it calculates the sum of the numbers without dividing by the count. What type of error occurred?

Runtime Error
Syntax Error
Semantic Error
Logic Error

Answer = Logic Error


Question 190
Which of the following is NOT an access modifier used for encapsulation in many programming languages?

Static
Protected
Private
Public

Answer = Static


Question 191
What do graphics methods offer for manipulating images?

Methods for embedding images into web pages
Encryption algorithms for image security
Compression techniques for reducing file size
Transformations, such as rotation and scaling

Answer = Transformations, such as rotation and scaling


Question 192
What is the role of a testing plan in program development?

To outline the development process and milestones
To define the hardware requirements for the program
To identify potential risks and issues in the program
To document the approach and scope of testing

Answer = To document the approach and scope of testing


Question 193
What is the primary role of a whitelist when sanitizing user input?

Identifying malicious user
Accepting only predefined inputs
Blocking specific IP addresses
Logging user activities

Answer = Accepting only predefined inputs


Question 194
What is monetization in the context of app development?

Techniques for improving app visibility
Strategies for generating revenue from the app
The process of reducing development costs
The creation of app interfaces

Answer = Strategies for generating revenue from the app


Question 195
What constitutes the membership of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)?

A group of political leaders and heads of state
A loosely organized collection of citizens and engineers
A collection of the leaders of the top internet providers
An international coalition of goernment agencies

Answer = A loosely organized collection of citizens and engineers


Question 196
Which statement is used to specify an alternative code block to be executed when the condition is false?

switch case statement
if/else statement
while loop statement
for loop statement

Answer = if/else statement


Question 197
class Book:
    def __init__(self, title, author):
        self.title = title
        self.author = author
    def setTitle(self, newTitle):
        self.title = newTitle
    def setAuthor(self, newAuthor):
        self.author = newAuthor
book1 = Book("The Great Gatsby", "F. Scott Fitzgerald")
book1.setTitle("To Kill a Mockingbird")

Which method in the Book class is the modifier method?

self.title = newTitle
self.title = title
book1.setTitle("To Kill a Mockingbird")
setTitle()

Answer = setTitle()


Question 198
x = 5
if x > 3:
    print("Hello")
else:
    print("Hi")

What is the output of the above code?

No output; this block of code will not execute.
Hello Hi
Hi
Hello

Answer = Hello


Question 199
Which of the following statements is true about object instantiation?

Instantiating an object automatically creates a new class.
Objects can only be instantiated from abstract classes.
Each instance of an object has its own set of properties and methods.
Instantiating an object modifies the behavior of the class.

Answer = Each instance of an object has its own set of properties and methods.


Question 200
Which of the following is the best definition for 'royalty fees'?

A one time fee paid for the use of a licensed asset for the duration of use whether it is profit or nonprofit
A fee based on the income earned because of the use of the licensed asset
An ongoing fee paid for the use of a licensed asset each time the asset is used, normally a percentage of the sales
An ongoing fee that changes based on the value of the licenses asset at the time it is being used

Answer = An ongoing fee paid for the use of a licensed asset each time the asset is used, normally a percentage of the sales


Question 201
What is the value of 17 % 5?

3
2
0.4
3.4

Answer = 2


Question 202
What are the common types of integration testing?

Black-box testing and white-box testing
Functional testing and performance testing
Top-down and bottom-up testing
Unit testing and system testing

Answer = Top-down and bottom-up testing


Question 203
In Python, which naming convention is typically used for constant variables ?

PascalCase
UPPER-CASE-WITH-HYPHENS
kebab-case
UPPER_CASE_WITH_UNDER_SCORES

Answer = UPPER_CASE_WITH_UNDER_SCORES


Question 204
Which type of code is more likely to create apps or programs that can run on their own as standalone executables?

Compiled code
Virtual machine code
Hybrid code
Interpreted code

Answer = Compiled code


Question 205
What is the first step to creating a new repository on GitHub?

Creating a new repository on the GitHub website
Initializing a local repository using "git init"
Forking a repository
Cloning an existing repository

Answer = Creating a new repository on the GitHub website


Question 206
What is the purpose of the CIA triad in information security?

To focus solely on data confidentiality
To enforce strict access controls for data protection
To prevent all potential security breaches
To provide a balanced approach to information security

Answer = To provide a balanced approach to information security


Question 207
Which term refers to the process of managing and responding to unexpected or erroneous input in a program?

Input validation
Output generation
Error handling
Data formatting

Answer = Error handling


Question 208
class Car:
    def __init__(self, make, model):
        self.make = make
        self.model = model
my_car = Car("Toyota", "Camry")

What is happening in the the last line of code?

A new instance of the Car class is created.
The make and model attributes of the Car class are being defined.
The Car class is being defined.
The Car class is being modified.

Answer = A new instance of the Car class is created.


Question 209
What is the unique number for each computing device called?

IP Address
Device Location Address
Domain Name System
Device Number System

Answer = IP Address


Question 210
In zero-based indexing, which index is used to access the first element of an array?

0
2
1
-1

Answer = 0


Question 211
larr ← [5, 2, 8, 4, 9]
arr.sortDescending()
output(arr)

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

[9, 8, 5, 4, 2]
[2, 4, 5, 8, 9]
[4, 8, 2, 5, 9]
[5, 2, 8, 4, 9]

Answer = [9, 8, 5, 4, 2]


Question 212
What are NoSQL databases primarily used for?

Relational data modeling
Structured data storage
Transaction management
Non-relational data storage with specific data modeling requirements

Answer = Non-relational data storage with specific data modeling requirements


Question 213
What is the primary benefit of encapsulation?

Code reuse and extensibility
Method overriding and polymorphism
Data hiding and security
Code organization and modularity

Answer = Data hiding and security


Question 214
All of the following are benefits of automated testing except for ONE.
Which of the following is NOT a benefit of automated testing?

Increases test coverage and accuracy
Reduces the need for manual testing
Assess the overall user experience
Provides faster feedback on code changes

Answer = Assess the overall user experience


Question 215
What is one benefit of using return values in programming?

It eliminates the need for writing comments and documentation
It allows for faster program execution
It improves code maintainability and flexibility
It enhances code security and prevents data leakage

Answer = It improves code maintainability and flexibility


Question 216
If A is true and B is false, what is the result of the expression A OR B?

False
True
XOR
AND

Answer = True


Question 217
Which of the following statements is true about the relationship between a class and an object?

An object is a collection of classes.
A class is a subset of an object
A class can exist without any objects.
An object can exist without any classes.

Answer = A class can exist without any objects.


Question 218
Which of the following is a benefit of using a version control system in a collaborative software development environment?

Simplified code compilation and deployment
Improved code quality through automated testing
Enhanced code documentation and commenting
Facilitated coordination and conflict resolution among team members

Answer = Facilitated coordination and conflict resolution among team members


Question 219
Why is providing user-friendly error messages important in runtime error handling?

To avoid handling errors altogether
To provide clear information about the error to end-users
To introduce intentional errors
To confuse users

Answer = To provide clear information about the error to end-users


Question 220
The phase in the SDLC (system design life cycle) where the system is tested to ensure it meets the specified requirements is called:

Testing
Development
Design
Implementation

Answer = Testing


Question 221
What type of error will be thrown?

function divideByZero() {
    result = 10 / 0;  
    return result;
}
divideByZero();

Runtime error
Semantic error
Syntax error
Logic error

Answer = Runtime error


Question 222
Convert the decimal number 70 to hexadecimal.

3A
2E
46
5C

Answer = 46


Question 223
What is the outcome of the Boolean expression (A OR B) AND (NOT A) if A is True?

False
XOR
True
AND

Answer = False


Question 224
Which term refers to the system that defines the positions of elements and is used by Graphic methods?

Rendering Context
Image Transformation
Vector Graphics
Coordinate System

Answer = Coordinate System


Question 225
What does the term "stability" refer to in the context of sorting algorithms?

The ability to rearrange elements in ascending order.
The time it takes to sort an array.
The preservation of the relative order of equal elements in the sorted array.
The number of comparisons made during sorting.

Answer = The preservation of the relative order of equal elements in the sorted array.


Question 226
count = 0
for i in range(1, 4):
    for j in range(i):
        count += j + 1
print(count)

What will be the output of the above code?

6
10
40
9

Answer = 10


Question 227
What are nested loops in programming?

Loops that are never executed
Loops that contain subroutines
A loop that is located inside another loop
Loops that are executed one after another

Answer = A loop that is located inside another loop


Question 228
What term describes the ability to work on documents, code, or content simultaneously with others with real-time changes?

Real-time collaboration
Version control
File synchronization
Code hosting

Answer = Real-time collaboration


Question 229
The level of security a person or organization has for their computer presence is referred to as their security ________.

Posture
Profile
Holes
Position

Answer = Posture


Question 230
Which of these methodologies is often associated with risk analysis and/or management?

Scrum
Top-Down
Waterfall
Spiral

Answer = Spiral


Question 231
In programming, what is the assignment operator used for?

To assign values to variables
To create mathematical inequalities
To check for equality
To compare values

Answer = To assign values to variables


Question 232
Set i to 0
While i is less than 5
    If i equals 3
        Exit the loop
    End If
    Print the value of i
    Increment i by 1
End While

What will be the output of the above code?

0 1 2
0 1 2 3
0 1 2 4 5
0 1 2 4

Answer = 0 1 2


Question 233
string str1 ← "Hello"
string str2 ← "world!"
string result ← str1 + " " + str2
output(result)

What will be the output of the above pseudocode?

Hello + world!
Hello World!
"Hello" "World!"
"Hello" + "World!"

Answer = Hello World!


Question 234
Which one is the correct syntax structure for a nested loop?

for i from 1 to 3 do
for j from 1 to 4 do

for i from 1 to 3 do
      for j from 1 to 4 do

for i from 1 to 3 do

       for i from 1 to 3 do
for j from 1 to 4 do

Answer =
for i from 1 to 3 do
    for j from 1 to 4 do


Question 235
When is the use of open web standards like HTML and CSS most relevant?

When generating random numbers
When formatting data for a printed report
When displaying data in a user interface
When encrypting sensitive data

Answer = When displaying data in a user interface


Question 236
What is one recommended procedure to maintain data integrity and security on your computer?

Keep the screen unlocked for easy access
Lock the screen when not in use
Use any thumb drive available
Delete all emails, even if they seem familiar

Answer = Lock the screen when not in use


Question 237
What is the purpose of a coordinate system in graphics?

To define the position and orientation of objects
To encrypt and secure images
To specify the size and dimensions of an image
To compress image file sizes

Answer = To define the position and orientation of objects


Question 238
What is the approximate size of a typical high-resolution photo?

Megabytes
Terabytes
Gigabytes
Kilobytes

Answer = Megabytes


Question 239
In the maintenance phase of a software application, how would you address user-identified issues and additional feature requests in a systematic manner?

Request user feedback on new features
Proceed to the deployment phase
Prioritize and fix identified issues
Implement additional features directly

Answer = Prioritize and fix identified issues


Question 240
What is the purpose of a destructor in a class?

To initialize object attributes
To clean up resources when an object is destroyed
To set default values for attributes
To create new instances of a class

Answer = To clean up resources when an object is destroyed


Question 241
What is the primary purpose of a Virtual Private Network (VPN)?

Secure remote desktop access
Encrypt internet traffic
Virtual conferencing
Collaborative document editing

Answer = Encrypt internet traffic


Question 242
What is the purpose of instantiating objects from existing classes?

To create new classes based on existing classes.
To combine multiple classes into one.
To create multiple instances of the same class with different data.
To modify the behavior of existing classes.

Answer = To create multiple instances of the same class with different data.


Question 243
What is bandwidth in the context of internet connections?

The speed at which a website loads
The quality of images and graphics on a webpage
The number of web pages on a website
The amount of data that can be transmitted over a network in a given time

Answer = The amount of data that can be transmitted over a network in a given time


Question 244
Given the following code snippet, which line creates a subclass of the Animal class?

class Animal:
    def __init__(self, name):
        self.name = name
class Dog(Animal):
    def bark(self):
        print("Woof!")

Line 2: class Animal
Line 7: def bark(self)
Line 9: print("Woof!")
Line 5: class Dog

Answer = Line 5: class Dog


Question 245
Which of the following statements about modifier methods is true?

They are used to modify the state of objects by updating their attributes.
They are only used for retrieving data from objects.
They are used for deleting objects from memory.
They are used to create new objects.

Answer = They are used to modify the state of objects by updating their attributes.


Question 246
Which programming language is widely used for developing Android applications?

Swift
Kotlin
C#
Python

Answer = Kotlin


Question 247
What is the primary purpose of initializing a new repository?

To create a directory for storing code files
To set up authentication and access control for the repository
To configure the default branch and repository settings
To connect to a remote code hosting service

Answer = To create a directory for storing code files


Question 248
let matrix = [[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], [7, 8, 9]];
let sum = 0;
for (let i = 0; i < matrix.length; i++) {
  for (let j = i; j < matrix[i].length - 1; j++) {
    sum += matrix[i][j];
  }
}
console.log(sum);

What will be printed as the output of the above code?

36
45
26
8

Answer = 8


Question 249
In the documentation for a class, the constructor method(s) usually specify:

The time complexity of creating an instance
The internal design choices made when creating an instance
The private variables used to create the instance
How to create an instance of the class

Answer = How to create an instance of the class


Question 250
Which logical operator evaluates to true if both operands are true?

NOT
OR
XOR
AND

Answer = AND


Question 251
What does the term "Semantic HTML" refer to?

HTML code optimized for search engines.
HTML code with fancy styling.
HTML tags with bright colors.
HTML markup that accurately represents the meaning and structure of content.

Answer = HTML markup that accurately represents the meaning and structure of content.


Question 252
let x = 10;
let y = 20;
let result = x <= y;

What is the value of "result" in the above code?

Error: Invalid comparison
10
False
True

Answer = True


Question 253
What is composition in object-oriented programming?

The process of creating a new class from an existing class.
The process of designing classes based on their relationships.
The process of creating objects from a class.
The process of combining multiple classes into one.

Answer = The process of combining multiple classes into one.


Question 254
Name the loop will always execute before checking the condition?

If conditional
For loop
While loop
Do while loop

Answer = Do while loop


Question 255
Which one of the following is a best practice for using parameters?

Minimizing the use of default parameter values
Passing all arguments as positional arguments
Using single-letter variable names for parameters
Keeping the number of parameters in a function manageable

Answer = Keeping the number of parameters in a function manageable


Question 256
What should you consult to understand how to use a standard library function correctly?

The official documentation
The forums like StackOverflow
ChatGPT
Web search results

Answer = The official documentation


Question 257
Which type of inheritance allows a class to inherit from more than one superclass?

Multiple Inheritance
Single Inheritance
Hierarchical Inheritance
Multilevel Inheritance

Answer = Multiple Inheritance


Question 258
let i = 0;
while (i < 5) {
    output to console i ;
    increment i;
    if (i == 3) {
        continue;
    }
    output to console "Hello";
}

What will be the console output of the above code?

0 Hello 1 Hello 2 3 Hello 4 Hello
0 Hello 1 Hello 2 Hello Hello 4 Hello
0 Hello 1 Hello 2 Hello 3 Hello 4
0 Hello 1 Hello 2 Hello 4 Hello

Answer = 0 Hello 1 Hello 2 3 Hello 4 Hello


Question 259
Which exception class is typically thrown when a method receives an invalid argument?

NullPointerException
IOException
IndexOutOfBoundsException
IllegalArgumentException

Answer = IllegalArgumentException


Question 260
Which of the following costs is unique to cross-platform app development?

Limitations in utilizing platform-specific features
App stores requiring a higher fee
Higher backend development costs
Separate codebases for iOS and Android

Answer = Limitations in utilizing platform-specific features


Question 261
Which one of the methods below can be used to prevent SQL Injection?

Use an antivirus software
Validate and sanitize user inputs
Use digital certificates
Use a firewall

Answer = Validate and sanitize user inputs


Question 262
Why is it important to handle bad input and run-time errors within the program during integration testing?

It reduces the need for writing test cases
It makes the program execute faster
It decreases the complexity of the testing process
It improves the reliability and robustness of the software

Answer = It improves the reliability and robustness of the software


Question 263
What is a buffer overflow?

A method for encrypting user input to prevent unauthorized access
A security vulnerability caused by writing data beyond allocated buffer boundaries
A method for removing unnecessary characters from user input
A technique for validating user input against specific criteria

Answer = A security vulnerability caused by writing data beyond allocated buffer boundaries


Question 264
What's the process that helps by breaking down complex computer problems into more manageable parts?

Decomparing
Decomposing
De-elevating
Decompressing

Answer = Decomposing


Question 265
Which type of software license allows users to modify and distribute the software freely?

Shareware license
Freeware license
Open source license
Proprietary license

Answer = Open source license


Question 266
What are runtime errors in programming?

Errors that occur during debugging
Errors that occur during program compilation
Errors that occur during program execution
Errors that occur due to logical inconsistencies in code

Answer = Errors that occur during program execution


Question 267
Which iteration structure is often used when solving problems that can be divided into smaller, similar subproblems?

for loop
recursion
while loop
for-each loop

Answer = recursion


Question 268
What is the role of error handling in handling unexpected return values?

To ignore unexpected return values and continue program execution
To prevent unexpected return values from occurring
To catch and handle errors or exceptions that may cause unexpected return values
To log unexpected return values for later analysis

Answer = To catch and handle errors or exceptions that may cause unexpected return values


Question 269
class Circle:
    def __init__(self, radius):
        self.radius = radius

    def get_radius(self):
        return self.radius

    def set_radius(self, new_radius):
        self.radius = new_radius
circle1 = Circle(5)

Which method in the Circle class is the accessor method?

set_radius(self, new_radius)
get_radius()
self.radius = radius
Circle(5)

Answer = get_radius()


Question 270
Which law protects the digital access and transfer of medical records from one party to another?

COBRA
FERPA
COPPA
HIPAA

Answer = HIPAA


Question 271
Which of the following is true about a user-defined class?

It cannot have both attributes and methods
It can have attributes (data) and methods (functions)
It can only have attributes but not methods
It can only have methods but not attributes

Answer = It can have attributes (data) and methods (functions)


Question 272
What is the difference between a class and an object?

A class can have multiple instances, while an object can have multiple classes.
A class is a runtime entity, while an object is a compile-time entity.
A class can have methods, while an object can only have properties.
A class defines the structure, while an object is an instance of the class.

Answer = A class defines the structure, while an object is an instance of the class.


Question 273
During the testing phase of a software project (Scenario 1), which of the following steps would you NOT perform?

Develop the software
Identify test scenarios and test cases
Report and prioritize defects for resolution
Execute test cases and record results

Answer = Develop the software


Question 274
In a program editor, what does the term "syntax highlighting" refer to?

Automatically suggesting code completion options
Changing the color scheme of the editor
Highlighting the syntax errors in the code
Highlighting different parts of the code with different colors

Answer = Highlighting different parts of the code with different colors


Question 275
Which sorting algorithm has a best-case time complexity of O(n)?

Merge sort
Quick sort
Insertion sort
Heap sort

Answer = Insertion sort


Question 276
What does scalability refer to in app development?

The app's visual design appeal
The app's ability to work offline
The app's ability to handle growth in users or features
The app's compatibility with older devices

Answer = The app's ability to handle growth in users or features


Question 277
User stories are a common technique used to:

Describe the functionality from the perspective of end users
Define the technical specifications of a program
Document the testing plan for a program
Outline the development process for a program

Answer = Describe the functionality from the perspective of end users


Question 278
Which characteristic is associated with the dynamic nature of objects?

Objects defined at compile-time
Objects are static entities
Objects remain unchanged during runtime
Objects can be created and modified during runtime

Answer = Objects can be created and modified during runtime


Question 279
What does the code below display given:

boy = TRUE 
young = FALSE
IF NOT young AND boy 
{
   DISPLAY (“Sup!”) 
} 
ELSE
{ 
     IF NOT boy AND young 
     { 
       DISPLAY (“Right on”) 
      } 
     ELSE
       { 
         DISPLAY(“Seriously?!”) 
       }
 }

Right on
Sup!
Seriously?!
Nothing - it has an error

Answer = Sup!


Question 280
Which GUI object is suitable for displaying single lines of text or results of calculations?

Radio Buttons
Labels
Dropdowns
Text Boxes

Answer = Text Boxes


Question 281
What is the primary purpose of searching in an array?

To rearrange the elements in ascending order.
To sort the array
To determine if a specific element exists in the array.
To count the number of elements in the array.

Answer = To determine if a specific element exists in the array.


Question 282
What does the A stand for in the CIA triad?

Availability
Aggregation
Accounting
Agency

Answer = Availability


Question 283
What does API stand for?

Application Protocol Interface
Application Program Interface
Advanced Protocol Interface
Advanced Programming Interface

Answer = Application Program Interface


Question 284
How does the -- symbol in programming change a variable?

divide by 2 to the value of itself
subtract 1 from the value of itself
add 1 to the value of itself
multiply by 2 to the value of itself

Answer = subtract 1 from the value of itself


Question 285
Which type of software system is more likely to require upfront licensing fees?

Proprietary systems
Neither open source nor proprietary systems
Both open source and proprietary systems
Open source systems

Answer = Proprietary systems


Question 286
Which of the following is a best practice for maintaining integrity and security in software development?

Use version control systems
Debug programs without encryption
Store passwords in plain text
Make your code more difficult to read

Answer = Use version control systems


Question 287
If the last value in a binary number is "1", what do we know about that number?

It's an even number.
It's an odd number.
It's a whole number.
It's less than 20.

Answer = It's an odd number.


Question 288
What does a build system help achieve in terms of software development?

Platform-dependent builds
Error-free code writing
Real-time code execution
Consistency in builds

Answer = Consistency in builds


Question 289
Which mechanism allows a class to inherit attributes and behaviors from another class?

Encapsulation
Polymorphism
Inheritance
Abstraction

Answer = Inheritance


Question 290
What are the consequences of software duplication and copyright infringement?

Increased competition in the software market
Legal penalties and potential lawsuits
Higher software prices for consumers
Enhanced software security measures

Answer = Legal penalties and potential lawsuits


Question 291
What is OWASP?

A programming language commonly used for web development
A nonprofit organization addressing web application security
A software vulnerability scanner
A government agency focused on software security

Answer = A nonprofit organization addressing web application security


Question 292
All of the below statements are false except for one. 
Which one of the following statements is true about a two-dimensional array?

It can only store integer values.
It can have a different number of elements in each row.
It cannot be resized once initialized.
All elements in the array must have the same data type.

Answer = It can have a different number of elements in each row.


Question 293
What is the value of the expression "y -= 3" if y is initially 8?

11
3
8
5

Answer = 5


Question 294
Which operator would you use to check if a user's age is not equal to 18?

(>)
(<)
(==)
(!=)

Answer = (!=)


Question 295
How do you generate appropriate test data?

Choose random inputs
Only use inputs that aren't close to the boundary conditions
Only test with valid inputs
Test the extremes of the input domain

Answer = Test the extremes of the input domain


Question 296
Which command is typically used to create a new repository in Git?

git init
git commit
git push
git clone

Answer = git init


Question 297
What constitutes the most accurate definition of a variable in the context of programming?

A variable is a symbolic name or identifier associated with a storage location that holds a data value.
A variable is a self-contained block of code that performs a specific task or set of tasks.
A variable is a reserved word that has a special meaning and is part of the programming language's syntax.
A variable refers to a specific action or computation that can be performed on data.

Answer = A variable is a symbolic name or identifier associated with a storage location that holds a data value.


Question 298
What is the primary focus of privacy-focused browsers?

Optimizing browsing speed
Displaying web content
Supporting web development activities
Enhancing user privacy and security

Answer = Enhancing user privacy and security


Question 299
What is encryption in the context of software development?

A technique to validate user input
A method to secure software configuration settings
A process of converting data into an unreadable format
A way to test software for vulnerabilities

Answer = A process of converting data into an unreadable format


Question 300
What is the purpose of instantiating a user-defined class?

To access class-level variables and methods
To modify the existing class definition
To destroy the existing class object
To create a new object based on the class blueprint

Answer = To create a new object based on the class blueprint


Question 301
def calculate_area(radius):
    return 3.14 * radius * radius
r = float(input("Enter the radius: "))
area = calculate_area(r)
print("The area is:", area)

Which statement represents the input to the function calculate_area?

r = float(input("Enter the radius: "))
print("The area is:", area)
def calculate_area(radius):
return 3.14 * radius * radius

Answer = def calculate_area(radius):


Question 302
What is space complexity in the context of sorting algorithms?

The size of the input data.
The amount of additional memory used by the algorithm.
The time it takes for the algorithm to complete.
The number of comparisons made by the algorithm.

Answer = The amount of additional memory used by the algorithm.


Question 303
What is a challenge in using customer feedback?

Generating crash reports
Understanding technical requirements
Balancing conflicting opinions from different users
Collecting any feedback at all

Answer = Balancing conflicting opinions from different users


Question 304
Can a function return multiple values simultaneously?

Only when the function is defined as a method within a class can it be structured to send out multiple values simultaneously.
It depends on the programming language whether the function can send out multiple values simultaneously.
No, a function can only have a single return statement but the return statement can send out an array or other data structure containing multiple values.
Yes, in all programming languages, functions can send out multiple values simultaneously.

Answer = No, a function can only have a single return statement but the return statement can send out an array or other data structure containing multiple values.


Question 305
What is the primary goal of documentation maintenance?

Eliminating all comments from the code
Keeping documentation accurate and relevant as code changes
Updating documentation only when code is completely rewritten
Creating new documentation for every code change

Answer = Keeping documentation accurate and relevant as code changes


Question 306
What does instantiation involve in object-oriented programming?

Creating a class
Destroying an object
Modifying an object's state
Creating an object from a class

Answer = Creating an object from a class


Question 307
What is the benefit of applying responsive design principles to web applications?

Consistent visual design across devices
Enhanced security for web application data
Improved website loading speed
Adaptation of layout and functionality to different screen sizes

Answer = Adaptation of layout and functionality to different screen sizes


Question 308
let arr = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50];
let index = arr.findIndex((element) => element > 30);
console.log(index);

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

2
4
1
3

Answer = 3


Question 309
Which search method is suitable for finding a specific word in an unsorted book?

Quick search
Binary search
Hash search
Linear search

Answer = Linear search


Question 310
Which of the following is NOT a common consideration when selecting a third-party library for integration?

Community support and activity
Price of the library
License compatibility
Code efficiency and performance

Answer = Price of the library


Question 311
What is the practice of structuring and presenting data in a specific layout or style called?

Data formatting
Cross-platform compatibility
Input validation
Output generation

Answer = Data formatting


Question 312
Which logical operator negates the result of the expression?

OR
XOR
NOR
NOT

Answer = NOT


Question 313
What is the purpose of a Trigger in a database?

Execute a set of SQL statements in response to specific events
Create a virtual table
Define the structure of a database table
Optimize data retrieval speed

Answer = Execute a set of SQL statements in response to specific events


Question 314
What is the index of the first element in an array?

It depends on the array size.
-1
0
1

Answer = 0


Question 315
What purpose do extensions and add-ons serve in specialty browsers?

Optimizing workflows
Ensuring regulatory compliance
Customizing the user interface
Enhancing browser functionality

Answer = Enhancing browser functionality


Question 316
What does Big-O notation describe in the context of algorithms?

The best-case scenario for an algorithm's performance.
The exact runtime of an algorithm.
The upper bound of an algorithm's time or space complexity.
The lower bound of an algorithm's time complexity

Answer = The upper bound of an algorithm's time or space complexity.


Question 317
What is the purpose of merging branches in version control systems?

To create a new branch from an existing branch.
To combine the changes from one branch into another branch.
To create a new repository from an existing repository.
To revert all changes made in a branch.

Answer = To combine the changes from one branch into another branch.


Question 318
What is a potential issue when using fixed-point numbers in arithmetic operations?

Precision loss
Difficulty in performing bitwise operations
Type conversion errors
Increased memory usage

Answer = Precision loss


Question 319
What is the role of function overloading?

It restricts the use of parameters in functions.
It limits the use of arguments in a function.
It allows multiple functions with the same name but different parameter lists.
It enforces a single function for all data types.

Answer = It allows multiple functions with the same name but different parameter lists.


Question 320
Which hosting option is typically the most budget-friendly?

Shared hosting
VPS hosting
Dedicated server
Cloud hosting

Answer = Shared hosting


Question 321
All of the following can be used for nested loops except for one.
Which one of the following loop structures cannot be used in a nested loop?

while loop
switch loop
for loop
do-while loop

Answer = switch loop


Question 322
If x is defined at 6 what value with be returned? 30/x*3^2-8

217
316
37
45

Answer = 37


Question 323
Which type of error leads to unintended or incorrect program results but does not produce error messages?

Syntax Error
Runtime Error
Logic Error
Compile-Time Error

Answer = Logic Error


Question 324
What is the primary goal of output validation?

Enhancing user experience
Reducing data size for storage efficiency
Improving cross-browser compatibility
Ensuring data is correctly formatted and secure

Answer = Ensuring data is correctly formatted and secure


Question 325
i = 0
while( i < 100)
{
   print(i)
}

How many times will this run?

99
Infinite number of times
0
100

Answer = Infinite number of times


Question 326
Which algorithmic technique involves breaking down a problem into smaller subproblems and solving each independently?

Divide and Conquer
Recursion
Dynamic Programming
Brute Force

Answer = Divide and Conquer


Question 327
What does ADA stand for in the context of web accessibility?

Americans with Disabilities Act
American Digital Association
Accessibility Design Act
Accessible Development Association

Answer = Americans with Disabilities Act


Question 328
Which unit is equivalent to 8 bits?

Megabyte
Kilobyte
Byte
Terabytes

Answer = Byte


Question 329
Encapsulation helps in achieving which of the following?

Data hiding and abstraction
Code reusability
Polymorphism
Method overriding

Answer = Data hiding and abstraction


Question 330
What vulnerability involves weak or flawed authentication and session management mechanisms?

Broken Authentication
Broken Access Control
Injection
Sensitive Data Exposure

Answer = Broken Authentication


Question 331
Which data type will you most likely use for performing division (such as y = a / b)?

Character
Floating point
Integer
Boolean

Answer = Floating point


Question 332
Given the following code snippet, what will be the output?

matrix ← [[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], [7, 8, 9]]
output to console(matrix[1][2])

2
[7,8,9]
[4,5,6]
6

Answer = 6


Question 333
What is the decimal equivalent of the binary number 1001?

8
12
10
9

Answer = 9


Question 334
Which of the following operators checks if two values are not equal?

(>)
(==)
(!=)
(<)

Answer = (!=)


Question 335
Which one of the following is an example of an intellectual property right with regards to computer software?

Creating a user defined class
Using a Digital Trademark
Encrypting sensitive data
Signing a non-disclosure agreement

Answer = Using a Digital Trademark


Question 336
Which object-oriented concept allows you to treat an object of a derived class as an object of its base class?

Abstraction
Inheritance
Polymorphism
Encapsulation

Answer = Polymorphism


Question 337
Which programming language is often used for building interactive web applications and dynamic websites?

PHP
JavaScript
Java
Python

Answer = JavaScript


Question 338
In the Request-Response Model of API communication, what typically happens after the client sends a request to the API server?

The client immediately processes the response.
The server terminates the connection with the client.
The server processes the request and sends a response to the client.
The client sends additional requests without waiting for a response.

Answer = The server processes the request and sends a response to the client.


Question 339
What concept specifically addresses the challenges of storing and manipulating data, ensuring optimal memory allocation, and efficient execution of algorithms?

DRY coding
SDLC
Big O notation
Refactoring

Answer = Big O notation


Question 340
What does "visualizing" refer to as a problem-solving technique prior to writing code?

Creating mental or visual representations of the problem and its potential solutions
Choosing the appropriate programming language for the task
Estimating the time required for coding
Determining the hardware and software requirements

Answer = Creating mental or visual representations of the problem and its potential solutions


Question 341
The repeating of instructions in programming is sometimes called what?

Cloning
Continuation
Iteration
Duplication

Answer = Iteration


Question 342
Which of the following tools can be used for automated documentation generation?

Excel
Microsoft Word
Sphinx
PowerPoint

Answer = Sphinx


Question 343
Which of the following is a valid integer?

0.5
0.75
-25
0.25

Answer = -25


Question 344
Which tool is commonly used for inspecting, debugging, and analyzing web pages and applications?

GitHub
Google Drive
Dropbox
Browser Developer Tools

Answer = Browser Developer Tools


Question 345
What is the purpose of the "git pull" command?

To discard all local changes and reset to the last commit
To revert the last commit in the local repository
To create a new branch in the local repository
To fetch the latest changes from a remote repository and merge them into the local branch

Answer = 
To fetch the latest changes from a remote repository and merge them into the local branch


Question 346
What SQL keyword is used to delete data from a database table?

REMOVE
ERASE
DELETE
DROP

Answer = DELETE


Question 347
Which core component of a browser is responsible for displaying web content?

Security features
Extensions and add-ons
Optimized workflows
Rendering engine

Answer = Rendering engine


Question 348
Which one of the following is an example of a  float assignment?

x = "-2.0"
x = "-2"
x = -2
x = -2.0

Answer = x = -2.0


Question 349
Which one of the following describes works that used to be copyrighted but are now free to use?

Public domain
Creative commons
Open access
Open source

Answer = Public domain


Question 350
What role does a "commit" play in a version control repository?

Creating a new branch
Connecting to a remote repository
Deleting files from the repository
Capturing a snapshot of project changes with a message

Answer = Capturing a snapshot of project changes with a message


Question 351
When restoring a previous version of code, what happens to the changes made in the current version?

They are temporarily saved as a separate branch.
They are automatically committed as a new version.
They are merged with the restored version.
They are permanently discarded.

Answer = They are permanently discarded.


Question 352
Which technique is commonly used to achieve responsiveness in web design according to W3C standards?

JavaScript pop-ups
Iframe embedding
Flash animation
Media queries

Answer = Media queries


Question 353
All of these are concerns for spreading viruses EXCEPT ONE.
Which one of the following is NOT a concern for spreading viruses?

SQL Injection
Unpatched software
Drive-by downloads
Email attachments 

Answer = SQL Injection


Question 354
Which of these is the best way to protect your data in your computer system?

Having up to date screen savers
Having up to date virus protection
Only downloading expensive closed-source apps and software
Having a computer that is less than two years old

Answer = Having up to date virus protection


Question 355
Which of the following is an example of social engineering?

Creating fake websites
Impersonating a trusted entity
Sending spam emails
Replicating a computer virus

Answer = Impersonating a trusted entity


Question 356
What is the purpose of creating a subclass of an existing class in object-oriented programming?

To create an instance of the existing class
To inherit the properties and methods of the existing class
To override the existing properties and methods of the class
To add new properties and methods to the existing class

Answer = To inherit the properties and methods of the existing class


Question 357
Write an expression to correctly calculate the remainder when dividing 20 by 7.

7 % 20
20 / 7
7 / 20
20 % 7

Answer = 20 % 7


Question 358
Which type of loop is represented by the pseudocode below?

FOR index FROM 10 TO 1 STEP -1
    PRINT "Countdown: " + index
END FOR

For loop
Do-while loop
Repeat-until loop
While loop

Answer = For loop


Question 359
Which search algorithm is more suitable for large-sized arrays? 

Linear search
The efficiency depends on the elements in the array
Binary and linear searches have the same efficiency
Binary search

Answer = Binary search


Question 360
Why is "Cross-Browser Compatibility" important in web development?

To improve search engine rankings.
To minimize rendering discrepancies across different web browsers.
To enhance website speed.
To ensure consistent website aesthetics.

Answer = To minimize rendering discrepancies across different web browsers.


Question 361
In general, in which scenario would you prefer using an abstract class over an interface?

When you want to achieve multiple inheritances.
When you want to enforce that a class should implement specific methods.
When you want to define a contract for implementing classes.
When you want to provide a common implementation for multiple classes.

Answer = When you want to provide a common implementation for multiple classes.


Question 362
Which programming language is commonly used for developing business software?

Python
C#
JavaScript
Java

Answer = Java


Question 363
What is the ultimate benefit of applying industry standards in documentation?

Creating perfect, error-free code
Reducing the need for testing
Improving code maintainability, collaboration, and user experience
Streamlining the development process

Answer = Improving code maintainability, collaboration, and user experience


Question 364
What is the primary benefit of using well-documented APIs?

They enable developers to understand and utilize the API's functionality effectively.
They simplify the development process by automating common tasks.
They ensure compatibility with all programming languages and frameworks.
They provide free access to premium features and resources.

Answer = They enable developers to understand and utilize the API's functionality effectively.


Question 365
What is the complexity of an algorithm?

The efficiency of the algorithm in solving a problem
The time and space required for the algorithm to run
The number of variables used in the algorithm
The total number of steps in the algorithm

Answer = The time and space required for the algorithm to run


Question 366
What term describes a user who spends significantly more on in-app purchases than the average user?

Affiliate
LTV
Subscriber
Whale

Answer = Whale


Question 367
What is the purpose of UML diagrams in the context of class relationships?

Identifying runtime errors
Visualizing and representing relationships between classes
Testing code performance
Representing code implementation details

Answer = Visualizing and representing relationships between classes


Question 368
How can decomposition of a programming problem aid in code maintenance and troubleshooting?

It automates the debugging process
It allows for easier identification and isolation of issues within specific procedures
It eliminates the need for error handling and exception mechanisms
It reduces the need for regular updates and improvements

Answer = It allows for easier identification and isolation of issues within specific procedures


Question 369
Which cloud service model allows developers to focus on coding and deploying applications without managing the underlying infrastructure?

PaaS (Platform as a Service)
DaaS (Data as a Service)
SaaS (Software as a Service)
IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service)

Answer = PaaS (Platform as a Service)


Question 370
What does the term "Theme" refer to in GUI design?

Synchronizing data between the GUI and application logic
A collection of visual elements defining the overall appearance
Adapting the GUI to different languages
Designing interfaces for different screen sizes

Answer = A collection of visual elements defining the overall appearance


Question 371
What is an object in object-oriented programming?

A piece of code that performs a specific task.
An instance of a class with its own state and behavior.
A function that can be called from other parts of the program.
A special type of data structure.

Answer = An instance of a class with its own state and behavior.


Question 372
What is data serialization in the context of API communication?

A mechanism for securing API endpoints
A method for hiding the response data from the client
The conversion of data into a specific format suitable for transmission
A process for selecting the most valuable API

Answer = The conversion of data into a specific format suitable for transmission


Question 373
Which programming language provides a comprehensive standard library with a wide range of built-in functions?

C++
PHP
JavaScript
Python

Answer = Python


Question 374
All of the following sorting algorithms directly modify the input array EXCEPT ONE.
Which one of the following sorting algorithm does NOT directly modifies the input array?

Selection sort
Merge sort
Bubble sort
In-place sorting

Answer = In-place sorting


Question 375
In the example x = "a", what data type is the value a?

char
int
boolean
float

Answer = char


Question 376
What is the primary benefit of version control in platforms like GitHub?

Document editing
Real-time collaboration
File synchronization
Tracking code changes and managing revisions

Answer = Tracking code changes and managing revisions


Question 377
In terms of efficiency, which Big-O notation represents the most favorable scenario?

O(1)
O(log n)
O(n^2)
O(n)

Answer = O(1)


Question 378
What is encapsulation in object-oriented programming?

The bundling of data and methods that operate on that data into a single unit.
The process of creating new data types.
The practice of exposing all internal details of a class.
A type of data type.

Answer = The bundling of data and methods that operate on that data into a single unit.


Question 379
Which data type is suitable for representing numbers with decimal points and fractional parts?

Float
Integer
Boolean
String

Answer = Float


Question 380
What is the primary concern when dealing with resource constraints in data storage and manipulation?

Minimizing resource usage.
Ignoring resource usage.
Using any available resources.
Maximizing resource usage.

Answer = Minimizing resource usage.


Question 381
Which relational operator is used to check if two values are equal?

!=
==
<
>

Answer = ==


Question 382
Which of the following is not a characteristic of the Waterfall methodology?

Extensive documentation
Flexible response to changes
Sequential stages
Testing completed near the end

Answer = Flexible response to changes


Question 383
What is integration testing?

Testing the user interface of a program
Testing individual components of a program in isolation
Testing the performance of a program
Testing the interactions between different components of a program

Answer = Testing the interactions between different components of a program


Question 384
If x = 10 and y = 3, what is the value of the expression "x / y"

3.3333
2
1
3

Answer = 3.3333


Question 385
All of the following are service offering cloud based file storage AND real-time synchronization EXCEPT ONE.
Which one of the following service does NOT offer both cloud-based file storage and synchronization?
10.2 Use client collaboration sources/platforms (e.g., GitHub, Google Drive, Dropbox, JSFiddle, and browser developer tools)

JSFiddle
GitHub
Dropbox
Google Drive

Answer = JSFiddle


Question 386
What is the concept of recursion in programming?

The use of a function within a for loop
The use of a function that calls itself at the end
The use of a function that returns multiple values
The use of a function that has no exit condition

Answer = The use of a function that calls itself at the end


Question 387
What is a trustworthy practice to ensure data integrity and security when using external storage devices?

Use any available USB drive
Format the drive without scanning for viruses
Use trustworthy thumb drives
Use a thumb drive you found on campus

Answer = Use trustworthy thumb drives


Question 388
What is the purpose of including examples and code snippets in documentation?

To replace the need for descriptive text in the documentation
To demonstrate how to use different functionalities
To confuse readers with unnecessary code
To increase the length of the documentation

Answer = To demonstrate how to use different functionalities


Question 389
int[] numbers = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};
for (int i = 0; i < numbers.length; i++) {
    System.out.println(numbers[i]);
}

What will be the starting value of the index variable i in the for loop?

1
0
undefined
depends on the length of the 'numbers'  array

Answer = 0


Question 390
When encountering a syntax error, what should you do to locate the source of the error?

Ignore the error and run the code again
Review the code surrounding the reported error
Rewrite the program
Change programming languages

Answer = Review the code surrounding the reported error


Question 391
Which feature in an IDE allows developers to identify and fix errors in the code step by step?

Debugging
Auto-Formatting
Auto-Completion
Code Snippets

Answer = Debugging


Question 392
What is a common use case for a two-dimensional array in data science?

Performing string operations.
Storing a list of integers
Storing tabular data, such as a dataset
Representing a list of items.

Answer = Storing tabular data, such as a dataset


Question 393
What does program-level documentation typically provide an overview of?

User interface design
External libraries used in the project
The entire software program or project
Individual code functions

Answer = The entire software program or project


Question 394
Which of the following describes how polymorphism is achieved in object-oriented programming?

Inheritance and method overriding
Classes and access modifiers
Abstract classes and access modifiers
Abstract classes and interfaces

Answer = Inheritance and method overriding


Question 395
All of the following are strategies for narrowing down the potential causes of a problem in your code EXCEPT for ONE.
Which one of the following approaches would NOT be a strategy for narrowing down the potential causes of a problem in your code?

Analyze error messages
Test and validate
Evaluate and improve
Reproduce the issue

Answer = Evaluate and improve


Question 396
How can parameterized queries help prevent SQL injection?

By encrypting SQL queries before execution
By validating user input against predefined SQL query patterns
By allowing unrestricted SQL code execution
By separating user input from SQL code and automatically handling data escaping

Answer = By separating user input from SQL code and automatically handling data escaping


Question 397
Accessor methods in object-oriented programming are also known as?

getters
modifiers
setters
readers

Answer = getters


Question 398
What type of error is typically detected during the compilation phase and prevents the program from running?

Semantic Error
Logic Error
Syntax Error
Runtime Error

Answer = Syntax Error


Question 399
What is the primary reason to choose an interface over an abstract class?

To encapsulate common behavior and provide a base implementation that can be inherited by subclasses.
To provide a default implementation or share common behavior among related classes
To define a contract or set of capabilities to which a class must adhere.
To maintain state and store common data that can be accessed by subclasses.

Answer = To define a contract or set of capabilities to which a class must adhere.


Question 400
Which concept allows you to create multiple branches to experiment with different versions of code and easily switch between them?

Forking
Versioning
Merging
Branching

Answer = Branching


Question 401
What ethical principle aligns with the transparency and collaboration of open source systems?

User freedom and knowledge sharing
Restriction of software distribution
Intellectual property protection
Vendor-controlled software development

Answer = User freedom and knowledge sharing


Question 402
What does the term "API" stand for in the context of client collaboration platforms?

Access Permission Identifier
Automated Platform Integration
Application Programming Interface
Advanced Project Integration

Answer = Application Programming Interface


Question 403
Which of the following best describes the purpose of the string length method?

Determines whether the string contains a specific substring
Converts the string to uppercase or lowercase letters
Retrieves the total number of characters in the string
Splits the string into an array of substrings based on a delimiter

Answer = Retrieves the total number of characters in the string


Question 404
When storing the status of a light switch (on/off), which data type is best?

string
boolean
float
integer

Answer = boolean


Question 405
public class Person {
    private String name;
    private int age;
    public void setName(String name) {
        this.name = name;
    }
    public void setAge(int age) {
        this.age = age;
    }
}
Person person1 = new Person();
person1.setName("John");
person1.setAge(25);

Which method in the Person class is the modifier method?

this.age = age;
setAge()
person1.setAge(25);
Person()

Answer = setAge()


Question 406
What does the "fork" operation in collaborative platforms like GitHub involve?

Uploading local changes to a remote repository
Creating a personal copy of someone else's repository
Creating a new branch in your local repository
Merging changes from a different repository

Answer = Creating a personal copy of someone else's repository


Question 407
All of the following are types of user inputs that should be validated EXCEPT ONE.
Which one of the following types of user input does NOT need to be validated for compliance with data format, data types, and length?

Mouse clicks
Passwords
URLs
Usernames

Answer = Mouse clicks


Question 408
What is the purpose of data validation in file and database I/O?

To prevent SQL injection attacks
To secure the database connection
To ensure the accuracy and integrity of data
To optimize database performance

Answer = To ensure the accuracy and integrity of data


Question 409
Which Boolean operator returns true if at least one of its operands is true?

NOT
AND
XOR
OR

Answer = OR


Question 410
Which factor should be considered when selecting an algorithm for an array-related task

Efficiency and accuracy
The length of the array
The choice of data type
The size of the elements

Answer = Efficiency and accuracy


Question 411
Which command is used to retrieve changes from a remote repository to the local repository?

git fetch
git commit
git add
git push

Answer = git fetch


Question 412
